Remove inappropriate "please", minor rewording (#4249)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/use-cases/index.md

We provide short articles on common data science scenarios that DVC can help
with or improve. Our use cases are not written to be run end-to-end like

> tutorials. For more general, hands-on experience with DVC, you can head over to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tutorials. For more general, hands-on experience with DVC, see
```

DVC is for you!

> We keep reviewing our docs and will include interesting scenarios that surface

> > in the community. Feel free to, [contact us](/support) if you need help or have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> in the community. [Contact us](/support) if you need help or have
```

> suggestions!

> You can choose from the navigation sidebar to the left, or click the `Next`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose from the navigation sidebar to the left, or click the `Next`
```
